chore: remove style rule migration (#6746)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/muddy-migrations-melt.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": minor
---

> Style runs that were enabled for users coming from Biome 1.x are no longer

Reviewer: "Style runs" isn't something that users are aware of. Users only know about `biome migrate`. What about this, as alternative?

```md
`biome migrate` no longer enables style rules that were recommended in v1.
```

re-enabled by the migration script, because that would be undesirable for users
coming from 2.0.

> Users who are upgrading from Biome 1.x are therefore advised to first upgrade to
> Biome 2.0, before continuing to Biome 2.1 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you relied on recommended style rules on v1, you're advised to first upgrade to
Biome 2.0, run the `biome migrate` command, and then upgrade to Biome 2.1.
```
